Mr. Fu, please sign on the purchase form
pay
Shouldn't it be Zhou?
Are you mistaken?
Chen Fei, say something quickly
The orderer is called Fuxing.
Are you Mr. Fuxing Fu?
revival
Oh, I'm the father.
Excuse me, sir.
If it weren't for that gentleman, I wouldn't have mistaken him.
It doesn't matter.
My sister and I don't care about that.
If you don't need to sign it yourself
I'm happy to give the girl the credit
So this is a gift from Zhou Shao?
You can't give for taking other people's things.
I really opened my eyes today
Sunan, don't go too far
You can't grab something and want to hit people, right?
Sure.
you
Wait
Hey Chen Fei
Where are you going? Wait for me.
What's the matter?
He is 20, I am so thin, you wait for me to lose weight, you still